## <b>COMP_CompareGpioVsDacInt_OutputGpio Example Description</b>


This example shows how to configure the COMP peripheral to compare the external
voltage applied on a specific pin with a sawtooth signal generated by a DAC. 

In this example, the comparator input is connected on the pin PA1 (pin A1 on connector CN8) the user shall apply a voltage on it.
The DAC output is connected internally to comparator other input, and externally to the pin PA4 (pin A2 on connector CN8).
The comparator output is connected to the pin PA0 (pin A0 on connector CN8).

LED4 state:

  - "ON" when comparator output is high.
  - "OFF" when comparator output is low.
  - toggling twice at a frequency of 1Hz when an error occurred.

User can probe this 3 signals:

1 - Comparator INP: PA1 (pin A1 on connector CN8)
2 - Comparator INM: PA4 (pin A2 on connector CN8)
3 - Comparator OUT: PA0 (pin A0 on connector CN8)

To observe that when INP is above INM, OUT is high. Otherwise, OUT is low.

#### <b>Notes</b>
1- Care must be taken when using HAL_Delay(), this function provides 
      accurate delay (in milliseconds) based on variable incremented in SysTick ISR. 
      This implies that if HAL_Delay() is called from a peripheral ISR process, then 
      the SysTick interrupt must have higher priority (numerically lower) than the 
      peripheral interrupt. Otherwise the caller ISR process will be blocked. 
      To change the SysTick interrupt priority you have to use HAL_NVIC_SetPriority() function.
      
2- The application need to ensure that the SysTick time base is always set 
      to 1 millisecond to have correct HAL operation.

### <b>Keywords</b>

Comparator, COMP, analog, voltage, analog input, threshold, VrefInt

### <b>Directory contents</b>

  - COMP/COMP_CompareGpioVsDacInt_OutputGpio/Inc/stm32u0xx_nucleo_conf.h     BSP configuration file
  - COMP/COMP_CompareGpioVsDacInt_OutputGpio/Inc/stm32u0xx_hal_conf.h    HAL configuration file
  - COMP/COMP_CompareGpioVsDacInt_OutputGpio/Inc/stm32u0xx_it.h          COMP interrupt handlers header file
  - COMP/COMP_CompareGpioVsDacInt_OutputGpio/Inc/main.h                  Header for main.c module
  - COMP/COMP_CompareGpioVsDacInt_OutputGpio/Src/stm32u0xx_it.c          COMP interrupt handlers
  - COMP/COMP_CompareGpioVsDacInt_OutputGpio/Src/main.c                  Main program
  - COMP/COMP_CompareGpioVsDacInt_OutputGpio/Src/stm32u0xx_hal_msp.c     HAL MSP file 
  - COMP/COMP_CompareGpioVsDacInt_OutputGpio/Src/system_stm32u0xx.c      STM32U0xx system source file



### <b>Hardware and Software environment</b>

  - This example runs on STM32U0xx devices.

  - This example has been tested with NUCLEO-U083RC board and can be
    easily tailored to any other supported device and development board.

  - Apply an external variable voltage on PA1 (pin A1 on connector CN8) make it vary from 0 to 3.3V.


    
### <b>How to use it ?</b>

In order to make the program work, you must do the following :

 - Open your preferred toolchain 
 - Rebuild all files and load your image into target memory
 - Run the example

